PHP extension (#361)
projectfluent/fluent: README.md

  - A Lua implementation effort is underway at [`fluent-lua`](https://github.com/alerque/fluent-lua) by [@alerque](https://github.com/alerque).
  - A D implementation effort is underway at [`fluentd`](https://github.com/SirNickolas/fluentd) by [@SirNickolas](https://github.com/SirNickolas).
  - [`fluent.go`](https://github.com/lus/fluent.go) - a Golang implementation by [@lus](https://github.com/lus)

>     [`fluent-php`](https://github.com/Ennexa/fluent-php) - as a PHP module by [@Ennexa](https://github.com/Ennexa)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [`fluent-php`](https://github.com/Ennexa/fluent-php) - a PHP module providing bindings wrapping the Rust library by [@Ennexa](https://github.com/Ennexa)
```

>     [`fluent-php`](https://github.com/Ennexa/fluent-php) - a PHP module providing bindings wrapping the Rust library by [@Ennexa](https://github.com/Ennexa)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [`fluent-php`](https://github.com/Ennexa/fluent-php) - a PHP module providing bindings wrapping the Rust library by [@Ennexa](https://github.com/Ennexa)
```
